README.md, before:

Fancy Imagebar
==============

Fancy Imagebar module for webtrees

This module requires [webtrees 1.7.11](https://github.com/fisharebest/webtrees). Download the latest stable release [here](https://github.com/JustCarmen/fancy_imagebar/releases/latest).

Description
-----------
The Fancy Imagebar is a nice looking imagebar between header and content of your webtrees homepage or my page.

You can set the images you want to show in the Fancy Imagebar at the Fancy Imagebar configuration page. However, there are a few restrictions:

*   Only local ’jpg’ or ’png’ images can be used.
*   External images are not supported.
*   It is not possible to keep transparency for png thumbnails in the Fancy Imagebar.

On the Fancy Imagebar Configuration page you can set some other options too:

*   Show Imagebar on Homepage, My Page or all pages
*   Show random images (the sequence of the images in the Fancy Imagebar will change with every page refresh).
*   Image tone: Sepia, Color or Black and White
*   Amount of Sepia
*   Height of the Fancy Imagebar
*	Use square thumbs or proportional resized thumbs

Translations
------------
You can help to translate this module. Updates to translations should be made at https://translate.webtrees.net/projects/justcarmen/. Changes made there will be pushed to the git repository periodically and will be available on the development version of the module. They will be included in the next release of this module.

Installation & upgrading
------------------------
For more information about these subjects go to the [JustCarmen help pages][1].

Bugs and feature requests
-------------------------
If you experience any bugs or have a feature request for this module you can [create a new issue on GitHub][2] or [use the webtrees subforum 'customising'][3] to contact me.

 [1]: http://www.justcarmen.nl/help-category/modules-help
 [2]: https://github.com/JustCarmen/fancy_imagebar/issues?state=open
 [3]: http://www.webtrees.net/index.php/en/forum/4-customising

Commit message:

Bootstrap-4, Sass, webtrees core changes

README.md, after:

Fancy Imagebar
==============

Fancy Imagebar module for webtrees

This module requires [webtrees 1.7.11](https://github.com/fisharebest/webtrees). Download the latest stable release [here](https://github.com/JustCarmen/fancy_imagebar/releases/latest).
The development version (master branch) only works with webtrees 1.8.0-dev.

Description
-----------
The Fancy Imagebar is a nice looking imagebar between header and content of your webtrees homepage or my page.

You can set the images you want to show in the Fancy Imagebar at the Fancy Imagebar configuration page. However, there are a few restrictions:

*   Only local ’jpg’ or ’png’ images can be used.
*   External images are not supported.
*   It is not possible to keep transparency for png thumbnails in the Fancy Imagebar.

On the Fancy Imagebar Configuration page you can set some other options too:

*   Show Imagebar on Homepage, My Page or all pages
*   Show random images (the sequence of the images in the Fancy Imagebar will change with every page refresh).
*   Image tone: Sepia, Color or Black and White
*   Amount of Sepia
*   Height of the Fancy Imagebar
*	Use square thumbs or proportional resized thumbs

Translations
------------
You can help to translate this module. Updates to translations should be made at https://translate.webtrees.net/projects/justcarmen/. Changes made there will be pushed to the git repository periodically and will be available on the development version of the module. They will be included in the next release of this module.

Installation & upgrading
------------------------
For more information about these subjects go to the [JustCarmen help pages][1].

Bugs and feature requests
-------------------------
If you experience any bugs or have a feature request for this module you can [create a new issue on GitHub][2] or [use the webtrees subforum 'customising'][3] to contact me.

 [1]: http://www.justcarmen.nl/help-category/modules-help
 [2]: https://github.com/JustCarmen/fancy_imagebar/issues?state=open
 [3]: http://www.webtrees.net/index.php/en/forum/4-customising
